for 25 years I've been teaching rope and
clinics and practice in their open
indomie myself and guess what people
we've been doing the wrong thing we
haven't roped the right dummy we haven't
had the right dummy we don't even know
how to teach you to rope a dummy until
now Guilhem attic systems and I got
together and we have got a roping dummy
now that will teach you to rope the neck
when the cap runs calves run they pull
with our front end so as the calves runs
that he pulls with his front end his
neck gets longer at one point when his
stride catches up so we made the neck at
a long stride measurement to where would
people rope the neck they actually have
a feel for open the calf in a mid stride
with his net run out the cleaner you
rope them the faster your time is hence
the longer neck for oppa Bella hey it
doesn't have a neck we wrote the bucket
it's sitting on the ground it doesn't
have a neck and then we come along with
this hard plastic black dummy get your
rope slides down and it doesn't have a
neck to stop it
so guess what we don't know we do not
know how to open it until now
the next roping system we've come up
with has a long neck it even has a
target for you to aim at if you don't
know where you're looking you can't rope
a calf around the neck you don't want to
look at the head so there's no fancy
pretty ears on this dummy we don't want
to hear us on it we want a head out
there and a neck and a body and what
makes this body so unique about this
material your rope will slide on it it's
not hard plastic it's not a bill of
Hayes that hangs it it doesn't let it
slide where your rope hits and your loop
hits that's where it's going to land on
this next now with it being that target
to look at good material made out over
your open slide the best thing is mom
can pick it up she can share it to the
junior rodeo to the High School Rodeo
old men can pick it up take it to the
old-timers everybody can and you can
practice the right way the next and the
X will try to aim that will take care
for open and make it so much easier and
so much faster your next shot will come
around if we had this 20 years ago we
wouldn't be having this conversation but
guess what nobody had the thought nobody
knew how to do it
Hilla Matic did we've got it together
it's the best rope and dummy on the
market it's light its durable it doesn't
eat if you miss after holding this dummy
it's your own fault
you